<EPISODE_START>
the one with the fake monica
[scene: monica and rachel's, everyone is looking at papers.]
joey: how could someone get a hold of your credit card number?
monica: i have no idea. but look how much they spent!
rachel: monica, would you calm down? the credit card people said that you only have to pay for the stuff that you bought.
monica: i know. it's just such reckless spending.
ross: i think when someone steals your credit card, they've kind of already thrown caution to the wind.
chandler: wow, what a geek. they spent $69.95 on a wonder mop.
monica: that's me.
phoebe: oh! the yuk! ross, he's doing it again! (points to a lamp which is shaking behind the sofa)
ross: marcel, stop humping the lamp! stop humping! now marcel, come back- (marcel runs toward rachel's room) come here, marcel-
rachel: oh no, not in my room! i'll get him.
monica: ross, you've got to do something about the humping.
ross: what? it's, it's just a phase.
chandler: well, that's what we said about joey...
ross: would you all relax? it's not that big a deal.
rachel: (out of shot) stop it! marcel! bad monkey!
ross: what?
rachel: let's just say my curious george doll is no longer curious.r
[scene: monica and rachel's, late at night monica is still examining her bill as rachel emerges from her room.]
rachel: oh, monica. you are not still going over that thing.
monica: this woman's living my life.
rachel: what?
monica: she's living my life, and she's doing it better than me! look at this, look. she buys tickets for plays that i wanna see. she, she buys clothes from stores that i'm intimidated by the sales people. she spent three hundred dollars on art supplies.
rachel: you're not an artist.
monica: yeah, well i might be if i had the supplies! i mean, i could do all this stuff. only i don't.
rachel: oh, monica, c'mon, you do cool things.
monica: oh really? okay, let's compare, shall we.
rachel: (yawning) oh, it's so late for 'shall we'...
monica: do i go horseback riding in the park? do i take classes at the new school?
rachel: (yawning) nooo...
monica: this is so unfair! she's got everything i want, and she doesn't have my mother.
[scene: central perk, joey and chandler are discussing stage names.]
chandler: how about joey... pepponi?
joey: no, still too ethnic. my agent thinks i should have a name that's more neutral.
chandler: joey... switzerland?
(the waitress brings their coffee.)
joey: plus, y'know, i think it should be joe. y'know, joey makes me sound like i'm, i dunno, this big. (waitress looks at him funny) which i'm not.
chandler: joe...joe...joe...stalin?
joey: stalin...stalin...do i know that name? it sounds familiar.
chandler: well, it does not ring a bell with me...
joey: (writes it down) joe stalin. y'know, that's pretty good.
chandler: might wanna try joseph.
(joey visibly thinks 'of course!' and writes it down.)
joey: joseph stalin. i think you'd remember that!
chandler: oh yes! bye bye birdie, starring joseph stalin. joseph stalin is the fiddler on the roof.
[scene: monica and rachel's, monica is there as phoebe and rachel enter.]
rachel: hey.
phoebe: hey.
monica: hi. (on the phone) hi, uh, yes, this is monica geller. um, i believe i'm taking some classes with you and i was wondering what they were.
phoebe: what are you doing?
monica: (hushes her) alright, great. thanks a lot. (hangs up) i'm going to tap class.
rachel: what, what, so that you can dance with the woman that stole your credit card?
monica: this woman's got my life, i should get to see who she is.
rachel: go to the post office! i'm sure her picture's up! ...okay, monica, y'know what, honey, you're kinda losing it here! i mean, this is really becoming like a weird obsession thing.
phoebe: this is madness. it's madness, i tell you, for the love of god, monica, don't do it!! ...thank you.
[scene: a tap class, the girls are standing at the door.]
monica: what d'you think?
phoebe: lotsa things.
(they go in and sit down.)
rachel: which one do you think she is?
(the teacher comes up to them.)
teacher: may i help you?
monica: oh, no thanks, we're just here to observe.
teacher: you don't observe a dance class. you dance a dance class. spare shoes are over there.
rachel: what does she mean?
phoebe: i think she means (imitates) 'you dance a dance class'. oh, c'mon, c'mon. (they put on some spare
shoes)
monica: okay, d'y'see anybody you think could be me?
teacher: (to the class) people! last time there were some empty yoghurt containers lying around after class. let's not have that happen again!
rachel: she could be you.
(music starts)
teacher: let's get started. five, six, a-five six seven eight...
(everyone starts to dance in unison. monica flounders)
monica: okay, i'm not getting this!
phoebe: (dancing in a swirly, phoebe kind of way) i'm totally getting it!
monica: did you ever feel like sometimes you are just so unbelievably uncoordinated?
(rachel taps into view; she is in perfect sync with the rest of the class)
rachel: what? you just click when they click.
teacher: alright people, now everyone grab a partner.
(the girls are unsure how to pair off. phoebe settles it)
phoebe: okay. and, my, dead, mother, says, you, are, it. i'm with rachel.
monica: great. it's gym class all over again.
phoebe and
rachel: aww.
teacher: well that's all right, you can come up to the front and dance with me.
monica: why don't i just take off my clothes and have a nightmare.
(she starts to walk very slowly toward the front of the room. the teacher grabs her hand and pulls her. suddenly a woman bursts in)
woman: it's okay, it's okay, i'm here, i'm here. sorry i'm late, okay, here i am. who's the new tense girl?
teacher: she's your partner.
woman: hi. i'm monica.
monica: oh. monica! ...hi. i'm mo- ...nana.
woman: (fake monica) monana?
monica: yeah. it's dutch.
fake
monica: you're kidding! i-i spent three years in amsterdam. (asks her something in dutch)
monica: um, pennsylvania dutch.
teacher: and we're dancing. a-five, six, seven, eight...
[scene: central perk, ross is entering.]
ross: (mortified) hi.
chandler and
joey: hey.
joey: where've you been?
ross: at the vet.
chandler: she's not gonna make you wear one of those big plastic cones, is she?
ross: she says marcel's humping thing's not a phase. apparently he's reached sexual maturity.
joey: (to chandler) hey! he beat ya.
ross: she says as time goes on, he's gonna start getting agressive and violent.
chandler: so what does this mean?
ross: i'm gonna have to give him up.
commercial break
[scene: central perk, scene continued from earlier.  they guys are sitting there like the three monkeys.]
joey: i can't believe it, ross. this sucks!
chandler: i don't get it, i mean, you just got him. how can he be an adult already?
ross: i know. i know. i mean, one day, he's this little thing, and before you know it, he's this little thing i can't get off my leg.
joey: isn't there any way you can keep him?
ross: no, no. the vet says unless he's in a place where he has regular access to some... monkey lovin,' he's just gonna get vicious. i've just gotta get him into a zoo.
joey: how do you get a monkey into a zoo?
chandler: i know that one! ...no, that's popes into a volkswagen.
ross: well, we're applying to a lot of them. naturally our first choice would be one of the bigger state zoos, y'know, like, uh, san diego... right? but that might just be a pipe dream, because, y'know, he's out of state. uh, my vet, uh, knows someone at miami, so that's a possibility.
chandler: yeah, but that's like two blocks away from the beach. i mean, it's a total party zoo.
(phoebe, monica, and rachel enters.)
phoebe: hey. we found her, we found the girl.
chandler: what?
joey: did you call the cops?
rachel: nope. we took her to lunch.
chandler: ah. your own brand of vigilante justice.
ross: what?! are you insane? this woman stole from you. she stole. she's a stealer.
monica: y'know what? after you're with this woman for like ten minutes, you forget all that. i mean, she is this astounding person, with this, with this amazing spirit.
ross: yeah, which she probably stole from some cheerleader.
chandler: ...take off their hats!
phoebe: popes in a volkswagen! ...i love that joke.
[scene: monica and rachel's, monica, rachel and fake monica are there.]
rachel: no way. no way did you do this.
fake
monica: monana was very brave.
monica: it was so wild. we told them we were the gunnersens in room six fifteen. only to find out the boston celtics had taken over the entire sixth floor!
fake
monica: so once they caught on to the fact that we're, y'know, short and have breasts...
monica: ...they threw us out! i was thrown out of a hotel! me!
rachel: go monana! well, you ladies are not the only ones living the dream. i get to go pour coffee for people i don't know. don't wait up. (exits)
fake
monica: oh, by the way, tomorrow we're auditioning for a broadway show.
monica: 'scuse me?
fake
monica: there's an open call for cats. i'm thinking we go down there, sing memories and make complete fools of ourselves. whaddya say?
monica: nononononono. think who you're dealing with here. i mean, i'm not like you. i-i can't even stand in front of a tap class.
fake
monica: well, that's just probably 'cause of your amish background.
monica: what?
fake
monica: well, you're pennsylvania dutch, right?
monica: right. till i bought a blow dryer, then i was shunned.
fake
monica: i-i used to be just like you. and then one day i saw a movie that changed my life. did you ever see dead poets' society?
monica: uh-huh.
fake
monica: i thought that movie was so incredibly... boring. i mean, that thing at the end where the kid kills himself because he can't be in the play? what was that?! it's like, kid, wait a year, leave home, do some community theatre. i walked out of there and i thought, 'now, that's two hours of my life that i'm never getting back.' and that thought scared me more than all the other crap i was afraid to do.
monica: wow. then i would definitely not recommend mrs. doubtfire.
[scene: monica and rachel's, tiem lapse.  everyone but joey and monica are there.]
ross: (reading letters) oh god. (to marcel) we didn't get into scranton. (to the others) that was like our safety zoo. they take like dogs and cows. see? i don't know who this is harder on, me or him.
phoebe: i'd say that chair's taking the brunt.
ross: marcel! marcel! marcel, no! good boy. see, how can nobody want him?
rachel: oh, somebody will.
joey: (entering) you know there already is a joseph stalin?
chandler: you're kidding.
joey: apparently he was this russian dictator who slaughtered all these people. you'd think you would've known that!
chandler: y'know, you'd think i would've.
joey: phoebe. whaddyou think a good stage name for me would be?
phoebe: ...flame boy.
[scene: central perk, ross is talking to dr. baldhara, a zookeeper.]
ross: where exactly is your zoo?
dr.
baldhara: well, it's technically not a zoo per se, it's more of an interactive wildlife experience. let me ask you some questions about, is it, uh, marcel?
ross: yes.
dr.
baldhara: does he, uh, fight with other animals?
ross: no-no, he's, he's very docile.
dr.
baldhara: even if he were... cornered?
ross: well i, i don't know. why?
dr.
baldhara: uh, how is he at handling small objects?
ross: he can hold a banana, if that's whatcha mean...
dr.
baldhara: how about a hammer, or a small blade?
ross: why- why- why would he need a blade?
dr.
baldhara: well, if he's up against a jungle cat or an animal with horns, you've got to give the little guy something. otherwise it's just cruel.
(chandler and joey burst in, with marcel)
chandler and
joey: he- he- he got in, he- he got in to san diego.
joey: we, we come back from our walk and the- the phone was ringing...
chandler: ...he's in.
ross: he's in! oh, did you hear that, marcel? san diego. san diego!
dr.
baldhara: you're making a big mistake here. i mean, san diego's all well and good, but if you give him to me, i'll start him off against a blind rabbit and give you twenty percent of the gains.
[scene: monica and rachel's, rachel is dusting. she comes to the table, lifts all the magazines and wipes under them, then just puts them down again. monica bursts in, obviously drunk.]
monica: yo- hooo!
rachel: where the hell've you been?
monica: monica and i just crashed an embassy party.
rachel: are you drunk?!
monica: noooo! (comes closer and whispers) i'm lying. i am so drunk.
rachel: oh god, oh. great, monica, y'know what, you could've called, i have been up here, i've been worried...
(monica is drinking from the tap)
rachel: monica? monica!
monica: water rules!
rachel: yes, yes, it does. okay, look, the restaurant called, they wanna know if you're gonna be showing up for work?
monica: nope. going to the big apple circus today.
rachel: okay monica, what are you doing? you're gonna lose your job! this is not you!
monica: no, it is me! y'know, i'm not just the person who needs to fluff the pillows and pay the bills as soon as they come in! y'know, when i'm with her, i am so much more than that. i'm- i'm monana!
(the phone rings and rachel answers)
rachel: hello? yes, she is, hold on a second, please. monana, it's for you, the credit card people.
monica: helloooo? yeah. oh my god. thanks.
rachel: what?
monica: they've arrested monica.
[scene: new york city department of correction, monica is visiting fake monica.]
monica: hi.
fake
monica: hey.
monica: how are you?
fake
monica: i'm not too bad. fortunately, blue's my colour. how-how did you know i was here?
monica: because... i'm monica geller. it was my credit card you were using.
fake
monica: that i was not expecting.
monica: i want you to know, it wasn't me who turned you in.
fake
monica: oh. thanks.
monica: no, thank you! you have given me so much! i mean, if it wasn't for you, i would never have gotten to sing memories on the stage at the wintergarden theater!
fake
monica: well, actually, you only got to sing 'memo-'.
monica: i just can't believe you're in here. i mean, what am i gonna do without you? who's gonna crash the embassy parties with me? who's gonna take me to the big apple circus?
fake
monica: monica, i started my day by peeing in front of twenty-five other women, and you're worried about who's gonna take you to the big apple circus?
monica: well, not... worried, just... wondering.
fake
monica: there's nothing to wonder about, monica. you're gonna go back to being exactly who you were, because that's who you are.
monica: not necessarily...
fake
monica: yes necessarily! i mean, i dunno what it is, maybe it's the amish thing.
monica: um, i'm not actually amish.
fake
monica: really? then why are you like that?
[scene: tap class, monica is standing by the door.]
teacher: you by the door. in or out?
monica: in. (she joins in the dancing. she still flounders)
teacher: you in the back, you're getting it all wrong!
monica: yeah, but at least i'm doing it!
[scene: the airport, everyone but monica is there to see off marcel.]
pa: this is the final boarding call for flight 67 to san diego, boarding at gate 42a.
phoebe: okay. good-bye, little monkey guy. alright, i wrote you this poem. okay, but don't eat it 'till you get on the plane.
ross: aww. thank you, aunt phoebe.
phoebe: oh!
chandler: okay, bye, champ. now, i know there's gonna be a lot of babes in san diego, but remember, there's also a lot to learn.
joey: i dunno what to say, ross. uh, it's a monkey.
ross: just, just say what you feel.
joey: marcel, i'm hungry.
ross: that was good.
rachel: (brings marcel a teddy bear) marcel, this is for you. it's, uh, just, y'know, something to, um, do on the plane.
ross: uh, if you guys don't mind, i'd like to take a moment, just me and him.
all: oh, sure. sure, absolutely. (they just stand there, then realise what he means and go to the other end of the room)
ross: marcel, c'mere, c'mere. (he sits down and marcel jumps down and sits beside him) well buddy, this is it. there's just a coupla things i want to say. i'm really gonna miss you, and i'm never gonna forget about you. you've been more than just a pet to me, you've been more like a be- (marcel climbs down and starts humping his leg) okay, marcel, please, could you leave my leg alone? could you just stop humping me for two seconds?! marcel, would- okay, just take him away. just take him.
(marcel is put in a cage and taken away.)r
[scene: a theater, there is a casting session going on for a play.]
actor: (very melodramatically, and very badly) oh, that i were a glove upon that hand, that i might... touch thy cheek...
casting director no. 1: that's fine, thank you.
casting director no. 2: next. (joey walks onstage)
joey: hi, uh, i'll be reading for the role of mercutio.
casting director no. 2: name?
joey: holden mcgroin.r
<EPISODE_END>